= jekyll-svg-plugin

* http://github.com/dekellum/jekyll-svg-plugin

== Description

A plugin for adding an SVG liquid tag to Jekyll. This tag expands and
SVG reference to object with dimensions obtains from an associated PNG
file.

== Usage

Add the following to the file _plugin/svg.rb in your Jekyll site tree:

  require 'jekyll-svg-plugin'

Then you can include an SVG reference HTML object via liquid tag:

  {% svg svg/mygraph.svg %}

Where the referenced file is relative to the current page, or to the
site source if absolute. Note that both an *.svg and *.png are
expected at the specified location. The PNG file is used as a fallback
and also to obtain dimensions (via imagesize gem, pure ruby).

I typically use Graphviz dot to generate my SVG/PNG graphs, with a Rakefile like this:

  directory 'svg'

  FileList[ '_dot/*.dot' ].each do |dot|
    svg = dot.sub( /(\.dot)$/, '.svg' ).sub( /^(_dot)/, 'svg' )
    png = dot.sub( /(\.dot)$/, '.png' ).sub( /^(_dot)/, 'svg' )

    file svg => [ dot, 'svg' ] do
      sh "dot -Tsvg -o #{svg} #{dot}"
    end

    file png => [ dot, 'svg' ] do
      sh "dot -Tpng -o #{png} #{dot}"
    end

    task :dot => [ svg, png ]
  end

== License

Copyright (c) 2010-2011 David Kellum
All rights reserved.

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining
a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
"Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including
without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,
distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to
permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to
the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be
included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND
NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE
LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION
OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION
WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
